hey everybody welcome back to a
refreshed northernlion goes back through
the challenges here I rule is new that's
not one we failed there's only five of
them four after birth plus ultra hard is
garbage backasswards I think is so when
were you start on mega Satan and then
you lose an item every floor the fact
that we're starting with mom's knife is
like incredible we can see some of our
other items in there the soul The MITRE
our damage is bad it's not a horrible I
mean it's as good as our damage was on
the last run plus with the added benefit
of mom's knife so you'll forgive me if I
find myself like a little bit pleased
with the way this run looks oh no
question marks because it really does
look better than the last one
sadly that makes you small we have also
have acid baby so we got the poison
effect there so I expect the mega Satan
fight to be kind of annoying
mom's knife is kind of like our saving
grace here and then we'll lose an item
or more every single floor on the way
down but if we get to keep mom's knife
we're probably gonna make this work this
is another one like I'd cheese did you
can't really deliberately choose this
one I think but um I sort of got lucky
the first time I did this challenge I
was like I don't see why everyone's
complaining the run was so good I didn't
even notice that I was missing items the
longer it went on so far this is
starting from a position where basically
as long as we're not losing mom's knife
we're probably gonna win because the run
just gets easier in terms of like the
enemies it gets more difficult in terms
of you know the relative difficulty of
killing the enemies potentially it's not
great
we're not stacked right now but if you
look at like the the optics for how this
run goes in the future we could be
stacked pretty quickly in the future
relative to the enemies as long as I
think I deflected that shot into myself
all we need to do is live through this
and actually that's appearing to be more
of a challenge than originally expected
you definitely do not want to squander
this one because this is like as close
to a 10 out of 10 start as you could
expect because our stats actually are
rendered nearly irrelevant by the
existence of mom's knife
I noticed by the way we also have like
dead shot in there we have a empty
vessel which is not doing anything for
us right now but you know dead shot
growth hormones there's some items in
there of some value can only get hit
four more times actually like a little
scary please just die right there okay
do you only start with ten items by the
way yes so there actually is a
relatively good chance every floor that
we lose something important particularly
mom's knife but also I would prefer not
to lose growth hormones Deadshot is a
close second if we lose moms knife we'd
rather lose growth hormones than
Deadshot but if those don't get
deflected excuse me if we don't lose
moms knife we'd rather keep this
straight damage upgrade
we're good we're good get dusted okay
thank you good Lord above for the moms
knife start here and the spirit heart
and do we want to go straight up
I can't imagine me wooden oh ignore what
sounds like a gas leak in the background
that's just uh the shower on the
adjacent wall now we go fight Satan I
mean it starts pretty pretty
outrageously here I can't help but feel
I might have made a catastrophic mistake
don't do just be mega satan what like
it's hard
bait him into that it's okay we're good
we're good we're good very important
just keep moving here don't forget to
drink your Ovaltine there we go we did
it shouldn't have been that tough
I'll admit I'll be the first to admit
and maybe we should do more rooms now we
have to do we have to get to the spawn
room that's the only thing that makes
sense because the spawn room contains
the portal to go up all right now I'm
feel like we're set here what did we
lose I don't know actually bad trip is
fine
Tomoe would like to leave that trip is
actually great because if we get hit
once all of a sudden we got like a
ridiculous amount of value
addicted is not really a good pill
obviously in pretty much any
circumstance although if we don't get
hit if you wanted to be like super
pedantic and be the kid who corrects the
teacher when they make a mistake on the
chalkboard technically if you don't get
hit addicted is good because of acid
baby you get a mass poison when you
start the room if you use it technically
uncle it's are cloven-hoofed but not all
cloven hood animals or ungulates I had
that happen in in a college lecture once
not to the same extent this was more
like less like a actually and more like
a cool guy there was it was like classic
first-year University lectures there
were like 200 people in the class and
this dude was talking real loud the
whole oh we lost mom's knife but this is
actually okay for our damage as long as
we can keep dead I he was talking and
the professor was like do you want to
teach the class and then he walked up to
him like with the microphone he was like
oh sure and then the professor is just
like get out that's that's the end of
that story that if you told it with more
Flair might actually be entertaining
basically the guy thought he was cool
he's like I'm gonna the professor would
never expect me to say yes and then he
said yes he was just like get out of my
class get out of my class get expelled
from my school I don't know if he got
expelled that seems a little harsh for
just like one outburst of being kind of
a jerk but more like an idiot than a
jerk you for being honest
so the moms knife loss is pretty bad the
existence of Deadshot helps it not be
horrible
I thought we died what happens if you go
through to the I don't want to know uh
this is actually answering my question I
was just gonna say can we get more items
like if we explore can we go to the item
rooms once we get up to the depths if so
I like our odds I actually quite like
our odds as well now that we've well
alright we don't want to go up I like
our odds anyway because of a theme you
know the more items we pick up the less
likely we are to lose these items that
mean something to us if the items that
we pick up don't mean anything to us
which I would say athame does mean
something to us we could orchestrate or
run around it didn't really work there
but range up fairly irrelevant but yeah
I don't know does does this get harder
or easier as it goes along I'm assuming
that pretty much depends on what you
roll like this run should be harder now
as a result of the loss of moms knife
but if we had lost like acid baby or
something we might be laughing all the
way to the bank here mind you it's also
you got to think about this it's like
there's some calculus involved when we
lose a good item is the hardest that it
will ever be for us having just lost
that item like if mom's knife is the
defining item in our run having lost
that the run probably stands to never
get more difficult than it was when we
were on the first room that we lost it
on does that make any sense at all you
see what I mean like I'm trying to give
a well-reasoned example here but I'm not
sure it's coming across completely
basically we've already suffered the
punishment
we've already it's like doing the time
before doing the crime you know we've
already spent 25 to life in jail now
we've gotten released and it's like an
Ashley Judd double jeopardy situation
well she was on double jeopardy I didn't
even know she was smart that's not funny
okay there's not as funny as you think
it is self-conquest we did not lose
Deadshot nor did we lose a theme I think
we lost a multi-dimensional baby it's
gonna be hard to keep track of what we
lost but remember the first step I did
this challenge which at this point was
actually only like seven months ago so I
have a little bit more of a memory than
those rebirth challenges we did in like
you know the winter of 2014 I didn't
even notice that it was taking items
away from me that time so this is like a
new it's a new era to at least
understand that that's happening so now
we got white pony white pony is a pretty
great active item on acid in a run like
this I think and to be honest with you
although Krampus is head is not
meritless in and of itself I'm gonna be
happier just having the ability to fly
then once every six rooms killing all
enemies range down range up instead of a
range down this is the world's worst
reference to pavements range life-track
nine on 1994 album crooked rain crooked
rain crooked rain cookie dream crooked
ring I only want to see you listening to
the
good rain that's Prince but really he
was a king of the of the music industry
for a while anyway okay you've got 18
cents shop caliber the floors get
shorter as time goes on as well so
don't have too much to worry about
I was starting to feel the fatigue with
shooting these enemies though since when
are they so strong like this champion
siege bunker here from Starcraft one is
not plausible to kill that was a deep
cut reference for me by the way it has
probably been like close to two decades
which is scarily mathematically
plausible since I've seen a bunker I
don't even know if they're called siege
bunkers because they're definitely
called siege tanks so worth sort of we
got too bad trip pills I really I have
like a philosophy on these challenges
and and a lot of the philosophy is if
you have one full health slash you know
survive a bill that was really dumb
survivability pillar card you almost
can't lose unless you do something
stupid and screw yourself out of a
victory you're probably gonna come out
of this one smelling like a rose is my
perspective
14 hour energy it's not bad now what
would be the ultimate item to lose it
would still I mean it would be bad thank
you
oh we should just look for the cosmetics
table which will make it easier to tell
when we don't Lenny I see it would be
bad to lose Deadeye which we didn't
didn't lose ass I think we lost growth
hormones yeah that would that would be
like in the top three worst items to
lose no doubt the soul would also be bad
but you know we already got the value
out of the spirit hearts and those
essentially kept us alive on the saving
flights so and the manga Satan fight for
that matter so starting now I mean we
have a 100% deal with the devil chance
thanks to goat head which maybe is kind
of like an unsung hero in and of itself
all we need to do to win this run is to
roughly and it doesn't even have to be
exact like I think we're pretty okay if
it's in exact but roughly match the
quality of items we lose with the
quality of items we gain considering
we're gaining more than one item per
floor I would expect that the hard part
of this run is already over unless we've
rolled really really badly you know what
I mean like on the on the first few
floors those are the hardest floors in
the game and you're losing an item
without having the chance to gain more
than one item on these floors
conceivably we can be gaining two or
three items well I don't know if this
item rooms but especially with Goathead
we're at least getting the chance to get
a deal with the devil every floor and
we've already fought Krampus so the more
the merrier
but having seven damage at the peak of
Deadeye
leaves a little bit to be desired trying
to keep that Deadeye bonus going as long
as possible and it's worked out
I'm begging I'm bagging we're good
we get the negative and actually a great
series of deal with the devil items good
lord so we don't have 4.7 or sorry
eleven point seven one damage we
probably actually have like I guess five
point eight five but still this should
be enough at this point we just added
two very very good items we're probably
never gonna get well I don't know I was
gonna say we're probably never gonna get
a high enough level of damage to just
destroy enemies before they stand any
threat to us but I guess it's actually
completely plausible to that would
happen cuz the run is giving us easier
and easier enemies as time goes on
excuse me
we don't need anything it pains me
because I'd like to get more items in
fact actually now that I think about it
it's not like we can donate to our
donation machine we might as well just
snag at least a passive item to give us
more of a chance of losing that item as
opposed to some other item that actually
is meaningful to us yeah I think that
makes sense so we're like halfway
through this run but we might be
anywhere from like a quarter to you know
three quarters of the way through the
run depending on the items that it takes
and also the items that were able to get
for the rest of it I don't understand
why you guys are immune to taking damage
I also don't understand what paid out
with that eternal heart but it gives me
a great excuse to not go to this blood
bank here okay that's pretty stupid of
me like oh yeah I guess it's piggy bank
but you know what unless we think about
it the better do that thing you were you
think there was a ton move fool you were
bored if someone asked this chizz way
around okay great dude great song
talking heads this must be the place
open parenthesis naive melody close
parenthesis from the soundtrack of Wall
Street starring Michael Douglas who
claims he got
esophageal cancer from performing favors
for his wife bold move we've been down
that road before that's that's one of my
favorite NLS a recurring NL SS bids is
good Lord Michael Douglas
the brass cojones to say that in public
a little bit out of control okay
I forgot once we lose that we lose the
ability to fly but that's okay because
we actually want Guppies head preferably
not walking over the spikes 20 times but
what did we lose at this point
I do not know wait no we didn't lose
dead shot it just got purged from the
the sideboard because we have too many
items Emperor not a good card at all in
this context and actually wait a minute
I'm looking at my I'm looking at my HP
I'm not that pleased we maybe want to
get that
try something like this on for size
money diplopia could be good we really
want a fool card is the big get I
suppose while we actually destroyed
every single one of those shots this
will not make us Guffey but it will give
us a free Steam sale along with the
extra consumables was it worth it I
don't know maybe maybe not I could have
used that for a deal with the devil for
example instead but it's another bad
trip what are we on anyway Deaf's one
okay just slow your roll because we do
have a little bit of time left like you
don't want to just throw this run away
by being overly aggressive for being
honest we have all the tools we should
need to succeed so we're really just
kind of throwing maybe a little bit of
our survivability away in the pursuit of
becoming stronger which is not necessary
right now of course you know the more
items to get the merrier but more
concerned about making sure that we have
the HP necessary to live here I should
look as if you have red chests I would
value them
I've gotten that oh I was gonna say I
have an idea but I'm not sure that idea
is actually good I was gonna say
normally we want to teleport into the
boss fight what if we teleported out of
the boss fight
we still have Deadshot damage still
looks good sadly I don't think I can
take it you know I would love to get
mom's knife again but I was like we
could teleport out of the boss fight but
then we miss out on the chance to get
all these lovely items you know so drop
addicted and take ace of clubs you say
some clubs to get a bomb wow what an
incredible hall then we use this and we
go here and we blow this guy up and
hopefully by the spirit are beautiful
and we can sort of see where the boss is
or sorry where the exit is likely to be
remember these floors are liable to be
shorter so I feel like we're I'm not
gonna gloss over it we're pretty you
know lucky on this run
to start with mom's knife and at least
carry it for a few floors is pretty
amazing for us and I think I complained
about getting a bad draw it a lot of the
more difficult challenges this one it
can be a difficult challenge I know this
one could be a little cheesy depending
on you know how the run goes but in our
case we got super lucky you know we we
got a great run and we're able to carry
it here and I'm pretty sure we're gonna
get the win as a result we lost HP I
think so we must have no we lost
Deadshot
yeah absolutely not
yeah we lost Deadshot so our damage is
starting to tank well it serves us right
for getting a little cocky right we
shouldn't be talking as if this run is a
guarantee we are on the caves one which
means after this Thank You infamy
which means after this we really only
have the basement left and even seven
damage or The Fool is so good even seven
damage on the basement is like more than
you need we're still at seven
we still have acid baby I don't know
what we've lost here we still have
infamy we still have a shame there's not
that much more they can take from us a
lot of the stuff did at this point makes
us good makes us good in composite as
opposed to all at once why not and in
fact let's let's get absolutely idiotic
with this
this could end in despair but I like
that idea okay good then fool cards the
fool card takes us to the spawn room got
a look right we go up to the next floor
hello our damage is 14 we're fighting
the same boss for whatever reason I'm
not gonna ask questions they're gonna
say no deal with the devil for you and
I'm gonna say you know what deal with
the devil for me we could become guppy
why not dude so pretty much at this
point we are gonna win I focused a
little bit more than maybe I would have
liked on this episode we had a couple of
song parodies though so I had to forgive
myself the big deal is just get
ourselves out of here and put one of it
probably one of the two more difficult
challenges from after birth plus in the
books here the other one being ultra
hard which is just like annoying this
one we knocked out Laz bleeds more
probably borderline worthless but for
now thanks for watching hope you guys
have enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button helps out a great
deal or subscribe if you wanna see more
in the future but for now that is
watching and I will see you next time